I have $250,000 on the line and it is
not
going well at all. As you can see, I am
in the red. I am losing thousands of
dollars. But I'm here to talk about
exactly what I think is going to happen
with the Bitcoin price next and why I'm
not concerned at all. So, make sure to
like the video, subscribe to the
channel, click the bell for
notifications, because we're going to be
diving deep into the Bitcoin charts.
Now, the reason why I'm not upset about
this short trade going against me is
because I'm up right now $46,000
on this trade that was given in the
moment in the Casper Crew VIP Discord on
the 25th of June. Literally from the
exact bottom. You can take a look here.
We longed it at the exact bottom. Also
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord back on
the 13th of June, we gave this setup to
take the long trade just around that
$62ish,000
level. And of course, that trade setup
played out literally exactly as we drew
it. And you can see also I'm up another
over $48,000
on this long trade. So, I am not
concerned about the small loss I'm going
to take here if this gets stopped out.
But I'll tell you why I'm short right
now. And I'll tell you when I'm going to
close this short and I'm also going to
tell you the next trades that I am
personally looking for. So, if you want
to join the Casper crew where we do all
this juicy goodness, you can go to
jasonaspertrading.com. myself and four
instructors literally telling you in the
moment what we are doing giving the
setups in advance. I am giving away $500
every single week courtesy of Bitbase.
So, if you want to trade with super low
fees, check out Bitbase to be eligible
for a $500 giveaway every single week.
Also, if you're looking for the lowest
fees, period, make sure to check out
Ksex 0% limit order, 0.01% market order.
You can literally scalp with market
orders on the very low time frames and
still be profitable. I'm also trading on
Antarctic Decentralized Exchange. links
in the pin comment and description if
you know how to trade and you're
interested in some really good deals on
some really good exchanges. So, Bitcoin
right now is very very simple. We came
down to a very key support dipping below
$58,000 and we saw bullish divergences.
Bullish divergences is as the price is
getting lower into the oversold
territory which is defined by the volume
where did most of the Bitcoin buying and
selling take place, it establishes
within the market a fair value zone. And
so when the price dips below the fair
value zone, this is where we look for
bullish signs on our oscillator to give
us a move back inside the fair value
zone and eventually we'll rotate back up
to the overbought territory which is
where we currently are right now. And of
course in the Casper crew 25th of June,
we took the long. We've locked in I've
locked in literally tens of thousands of
dollars right now on these long trades.
But here we are in the overbought
territory. So this is a very significant
zone because if the price cannot
continue to hold above $64.6,000
as we go down to some lower time frames
here we can see that we are forming some
bearish divergences right here. It's the
opposite of the bullish divergence. The
bullish divergence as the price is
getting lower into key support. The
oscillator is getting higher, right?
Giving us the coveted uneven butt cheek
pattern. But if the price is getting
higher and we flip these cheeks upside
down, well, that is a bearish
divergence. If we look at the chart
right now, we're starting to see that
forming on our 4hour time frame as the
money flow is getting lower. And so if
we start to lose this level, what we
could see is a very fast move to fill
all of this coming down to maybe 63
62.5,000
PC or in a very extreme case coming down
to back test the 60,000ish area. These
are two very important areas where in
the event of a pullback, I would
actually be looking for a long trade.
But what's happening right now, and
that's why I'm still in the short trade,
by the way. That's why I'm in this short
trade here, because I recognize the fact
that we're forming bearish divergences.
And if we lose this level, it could be a
very fast broken elevator, cut the cord,
ride back down to fill that juicy
goodness that we have here. But what
else is happening is we are flipping and
coming to crucial resistance. All right,
this box between let's call it $67,000.
When we zoom out, we can see that this
is a crucial support resistance flip. If
we can reclaim this, we are going to be
flipping this major resistance that
we've literally had here going all the
way back to February. We'd be flipping
it from resistance into support. And
then we literally have no resistance
between $67,000
until the mid70s.
We can see a very very very fast move up
if we flip $67,000
into support. That's also going to be
where we get our Fibonacci golden pocket
coming in right around there. Now, when
we take a look at our weekly time frame,
we are printing a bullish divergence on
the weekly time frame. A very rare, very
powerful signal. So, the shorts right
now, I would say we need to be looking
at them more speculatively as these
higher time frames are really giving us
bullish signals. And if you're shorting
like I am now, we have to do it with
good risk management, understanding that
if these higher time frames give us that
push and we come above 67K, we're going
to really quickly come up toward this
zone here, the 74ish,000 level. And if
we flip the $74ish,000 level into
support, then we're going to go for the
$83,000 level. It's pretty much just the
way sideways ranges work, right? Look at
what happened very locally. What
happened was we formed our sideways
range. We came down, we took the low, we
came back to the value area high. If we
reclaim the value area high, we expect
the big pump. Well, on the larger scale,
what happened? Well, we came down to the
value area low. We came below the value
area low. We're back inside. And so if
we can hold, what would we expect to
happen? We expect to move up to $74,000.
These are all fractalss. They play out
on the lower and higher time frames very
very similarly. So the next major short
trade that we had, the opportunity would
be basically a fake out of $67,000,
right? We come up into the green box and
we cannot hold and we get a move back
down. And if we happen to get a drop
today, which is a Wednesday, oftent
times on Wednesdays we put in our weekly
highs or our weekly lows. If we happen
to get a drop fast today now that New
York has just opened, we could be
looking for a bounce from 62 or $60,000.
So really the three main zones that we
are interested in here as traders today
is looking for a short from around where
we're at right now. Maybe a bounce from
around 62ish, maybe a bounce from around
$60,000. But this is the sideways range
that we are trading right now. And as
range traders, these are the three main
areas that we are interested in. Of
course, if we don't see any bearish
signs here, we have to expect that we
come up to our mid70s and that would be
the next place to look for a short. And
of course, in the event because price
can do anything, right, that we fall
right through here and we don't have any
kind of a reaction. Well, then we wait
for lower levels where we will be
looking for longs. And of course, every
single day, every single week, I'm
posting all my analysis, all my plans,
and letting people know what I'm doing
in my own VIP uh TA channel in the
Discord. And all the other instructors
are doing the same. And we are seeing
right now as New York is opening that
Bitcoin is starting to get a little bit
of a move to the downside. So, let's
keep our eyes on this level here, the
value area high of this range, 64.5.
If we start to lose it, guys, these bare
divs could take us down a little bit
more. If we hold it, especially if we
close the daily candle above it. Look at
the daily candle so far. So far, the
daily candle has given us a wick to the
downside. We've back tested that as
support. If we close this candle blue,
that's actually a pretty bullish sign.
So, that's it for today's update. Make
sure to like, subscribe, click the bell.
I will see everybody in the next video.
May God bless you all in the name of
Jesus Yeshua the Messiah. Uh, peace.